# Classical Shadow Tomography
This repository contains an analysis of classical shadow tomography. It contains the shadow creation code, originally published by Huang et al. which, in this project, was applied to simulated physical systems to perform calculations and benchmarks. Additionally, it contains Qiskit Classical Shadow code (by @dqenani) which was based off the original work from Huang et al. and the pennylane implementation of classical shadows. Qiskit Classical Shadow is optimized to the native qiskit gatesets and can be used in conjunction with general quantum programs created in Qiskit. There are currently two working versions of Qiskit Classical Shadows, one which takes advantange of the Pauli group, the other takes advantange of the Clifford group. There are specific use cases to exploit each of the versions based on the locality of scrambling necessary for the physical property being anaylzed. For example the Pauli Group is locally scrambled, whereas the Clifford Group is globally scrambled (there are other groups created by operator twirling that are in-between). The repository contains code performing a comparison between Qiskit Classical Shadows and Pennylane Classical Shadows is included. Additionally, the repository also includes code used to run qiskit classical shadows with a version of Quantum Phase Estimation (implemented by @dwei7) to calculate the zeromode of the Orenstein Uhlenbeck process (one-dimensional Fockker Plank equation). This code was ran on the OSCAR supercomputer at Brown University, and a notebook graphing and analyzing the results is included. Recently included is a customized version of qiskit classical shadows, which is being used in current research to directly estimate statistics of the linear Orenstein-Uhlenbeck process at the end of the Quantum Phase Estimation Algorithm.
